
Acidworm 0.2 - By Aaron Tiensivu - tiensivu@pilot.msu.edu 
Gross hack of Eric P. Scott's 'worm' program              
Inspired by Acidwarp and other eyecandy programs          

If you like it, tell me. If you hate it, tell me.         
If it gives you epileptic seisures, enjoy!                
If not, try the Robotron color scheme, it's worse than Mary Hart's voice.

I originally planned to wait until this program was properly written to release
it, but some friends have been pressuring me to send it out and about, so here
it is, for all to see. 

This will be part of a package called LSD - Light Show Deluxe, or Luscious 
Screen Designs, or Laser Show Dynamic. It's more fun making up acronyms than
writing it. 

I also plan to make a diagnostic program like Microsoft's MSD for Linux, and
it will be called LSD. Linux System Diagnostics. Ha ha. 

Much like Jiffy Pop, more fun to run than it is to make, or something like
that. You get the picture. 

Just a standard disclaimer here: If the program breaks your computer, you are
left with the pieces. I'm not responsible for whatever it does. I could bore
you with legal mumbo-jumbo, but that would go against the spirit of the program.

Another personal disclaimer: I've never done, and never plan to take, acid.
This program is merely entertainment and free spirited. I'm sure this will
freak out plenty of Deadheads and Phish-heads. 

I collect programs like this. Personal favorites include Ambience, Timeless, 
Acidwarp, Plasmatic, Morph-3d, JCL-Plasma, Lorre, and Mindwarp. If you find
a neat-o-keen program not listed here, please send it to me. 

If you get a chance, check out my web-page. I'm very proud of it and it has
some cool music related items on it. 

The latest version of this program will be posted on there always.

http://www.msu.edu/user/tiensivu

Suggested command line parameters (personal favorites):
acidworm -g 13 -l 1024 -n 256 -p 6 
acidworm -g 5  -l 6    -n 1024 
acidworm -g 11 -l 2    -n 4096
acidworm -s 1
acidworm -g 10 -l 512  -n 128
acidworm -h

The provided binary was compiled with GCC 2.7.2.1 + bug patches, libc 5.4.17,
Linux pre-2.1.16 and SVGALib 1.2.10 on Lucretia, an AMD 586-133 at 160mhz. 

